---
title: Accordion
slide: '<!-- .slide: data-visibility="hidden"-->'
---

<!-- .slide: data-state="layout-title" class="bg-dark"-->

# Accordion

> >

One way to condense a lot of data in a small space is through the use of accordions. It's probably one of the hardest components to get working because there are so many classes to add.

---

# Accordion Classes

`accordion` `accordion-flush`

`accordion-item`

`accordion-header (ID)` `accordion-collapse (ID)`

`accordion-button` `accordion-body`

<a href="https://codepen.io/planetoftheweb/pen/gOgdyZq?editors=1000" target="_blank"><code class="code-royal">Try it</code></a>

> >

Accordions have a main container class that needs an ID to identify it on the page. There is another option called accordion flush that will get rid of some of the colors and borders...that might be better for inserting in something like a list group.

Inside accordions, you add an `accordion-item` class for each item that you want to be a part of the accordion.

Inside the items, you can include an `accordion-header` and an `accordion-collapse` container classes. Each of these should have an individual ID, so they can be targeted for opening or closing.

Inside the `accordion-header`, you will create a button with a class of accordion button. It's job is to open or close one of the items. It needs

data-bs-toggle="collapse" - To make sure the javascript knows what this button does.

data-bs-target="ID" - the target element you wan to show or hide. This is the one with the `accordion-collapse` class.

aria-expanded="true" - If the element is showing, add this.

aria-controls="ID" - For assistive devices, identify the id of the element that gets controlled.
